Rebranding docs/reference/ (#41)
valkey-io/valkey-doc: docs/reference/protocol-spec.md

RESP can serialize different data types including integers, strings, and arrays.
It also features an error-specific type.
A client sends a request to the Valkey server as an array of strings.
The array's contents are the command and its arguments that the server should execute.
The server's reply type is command-specific.

RESP is binary-safe and uses prefixed length to transfer bulk data so it does not require processing bulk data transferred from one process to another.

RESP is the protocol you should implement in your Valkey client.

{{% alert title="Note" color="info" %}}
The protocol outlined here is used only for client-server communication.
[Valkey Cluster](/docs/reference/cluster-spec) uses a different binary protocol for exchanging messages between nodes.
{{% /alert %}}

## RESP versions

> Support for the first version of the RESP protocol was introduced in Valkey 1.2.
> Using RESP with Valkey 1.2 was optional and had mainly served the purpose of working the kinks out of the protocol.

Author: I didn't reach for references to Redis 1, but obviously there are some.

```suggestion
Support for the first version of the RESP protocol was introduced in Redis OSS 1.2.
Using RESP with Redis OSS 1.2 was optional and had mainly served the purpose of working the kinks out of the protocol.
```
